all hello welcome it's a
Daily Tuesday Tuesday, March 31
Wednesday guys are good Wednesday
an everyday sneak mode dinin in
fashion I'm at the stuff what it was
4:30, however, reported four
room hours so much pure water at all
she just a trick today
the birthday of djamila an exit from
incredible products
so today e high tech news then
that you could see the p3 1000 aces on
talked about it a little bit yesterday p 3000
s in 3 giga so there we wait that low
I'm waiting for her to move elected stops
the phone seller him in my
buddies now but it's the love of
marketing now I have to get myself
and the wolf is fighting the balls full
to give the phone is a little
more complicated if you want to buy it
the adie is no problem the symbol for
test there is good and he wants to lend it
the time there lend it data in
so jassaud I buy phone from in
to advertise backs down I tell you
and as we need we are an article at
noble sense of 815 the processor if we
will pass a little 810 shouted you can
or why not an article we do not have
actually but actually for this tale far from
more oxygen bone dress is available
for download
So I did go to the site
manufacturer you can find that one
will have an article also on android had the
best system for hackers not
necessarily long use I think
it's going to be pretty good
an article about the remix tablet
ultra tab
so it's a table we actually like it
arrange m here is a comment there
above
to monza where he had managed to buy it
in price shocks thing is that that
interested him to make the video that
put on my channel and everything is
change no it's finished that after the huge
paros do it an arctic article 1
guest editor do you make an article done
the detail all then after we will put on
gtv with pleasure is there have had with
the guest actor who made us a
article
as much as it is to black to get there
all so suddenly we'll still
make an email to the little Chinese there
from beijing saying that if they wanted
we send it we brake checked with
pleasure and
and that we would be very happy and
like that it takes them to make them a
little pub and where she launched a
little their projects in europe one is
still not too badly placed then
now that we subtitle the videos
it purrs anyway not too bad
a little bit my shoe at the same time
but in pictures on these by then then
we have planned then for tomorrow Wednesday
tomorrow wednesday april 1st no video
and it's not a joke no sign
review tomorrow i'm going to take a
sabbatical day that is not
really a
because in fact tomorrow launch
official game to be able to win five
gifts in April we put it back in
plotting place so some have seen it
we'll just put the video on Tuesday night
with the post so you have a
little bit at night like that Wednesday all
is online very close the game can
start on the hats tomorrow
there will also be the top 3 of
smartphones where we will do a little bit top
3 smartphones and it's about me
would you say which one I liked?
puts three favorite that best we have
do the same thing with the products
high tech like that tomorrow it takes a
little bit of articles for April 1st
and finally today were punctuated
by the two ads delivered for these
five years then there will be what the xoom
the 10.1 equestrian examines our rose
cjn dress is all good ben here is 20000
copies of 1500 years and a half their
enemy 2 so the c2a what will be the most
interesting or an iphone to 400 actually
integrated the 599 r'n'b that will be put in
flash sale on April 8 at 499 it's 75
euros a phone that although they
complete and finally the balance the scales
I see there a balance wifi a quarter
but a little 0.2 for support dragged a
little does your evolution like this on your
smartphone I believe there is a catch
also after a while we will not talk
all because after we turn a little in
the home appliance and I first I
meaning not I not find myself in a bit
all this here I am confused with ground beef
where they want to go well on these
money matters there is so much a
huge business thanks to the marchioness have
put that anything that xoni ball
a moment when the world knows there will be
a very good quality which is a price
shock people will buy it as long as
I snatch people will buy
there is a potential in China that is
huge so enough is right no
arms all
not enjoy good after well here
under 80 of the smartphones of the machines of
stuff and well you're going to be a little
little disappointed so today we did the
test of ths 2015 not bad and I i
prepared the test of the cub ie8 and
the packaging is it nico who
is on I made everyone is
well and after when I wanted to recover
my photos I put the truck in vain
Micro USB to USB not mark not work
at all where everything is so suddenly I'm
say ah it comes from my mac
sometimes it happens like that so I
my friends that it's on his windows he
the sells the brand also not well
at all delahaye Contact seller
day facts not but the mobsters the
beef mobs no but oh that's a
mini computer can not plug it a
PC any damn I want to put them
slaps
we put you in lowlands dude well
sure they come micro usb via the
micro USB cable from your computer
to be able to transfer the stuff
fucking the guys it's really
agrati baltring not know or for
to clear a little hills in
whatever fucking thing it seems to me anymore
so in my opinion not tomorrow had
returned there and that he tries with
base because I managed in the
plugging in return have a little
the device but in my opinion it's the
connectivity and who can
so here are the news the comments
nothing too much I went back to banshee
episode iii the hall makes makes go
against the Czech fighting and all
do not fizzle that I'm going
maybe do me the 13/15 because we
still told me it was really
good but it does not go to the trick and
the pirates I believe it's john when he
was there he started looking at me he
said not terrible terrible so still
a small reserve and finally and finally
so I have not had too many comments that
that the video was yesterday because of the day
+1 I do not have too many comments
I might have a little more
today
here we go to finish on one last
note about boxing that makes me a
mail saying yes there is a guy who
tells us that he did the writers
guests that he made articles his jt
geek that's it and that the request for help
phoning review gratos and everything so
So here is the idea that there are some who
come who make writers to screw
guest editor articles on the
blog and after they'll see the
partners increasing it to offer them
phone so I do not know how the
still take you already she comes
and where is that so in fact so what is it
the thing is, in fact, you take yourself
jumped after you waste
technical so it's nice to do
to leave a guest but we feel that
after all is interested so it's a
little relou what serves almost for
contact them finish our partners for
ask them who invades you
products for you to do the reviews
why we republish them on the jt geek
will not do it I you who is the
do not hide it's not going to do it so we
will see with 602 guest editor but hey
there I mean good Arctic summer like
that's okay but after that I mean
if you do that to remove some of the
glory or for after ali syed regretted
the phones to do the revisions
to give them his jt guy I want
to say the gti he is to me is the goal
it is not to put forward others
bloggers or have yours tested
product while you products
we could not have you to help
to see you by this one of this
solution and after we put some
stuff ahead is anything he
told me that I was like an ex-pete
really one of the guests it's more
that I was from Iraq so finally
shine he understood anyway that I
did a little more traffic
but guest editor thanks to my videos
and that we have relationships with
different than what you think is
so we'll end today it's a
7030 daily is not bad
today it will be all tomorrow so
tomorrow April 1st for no joke at
we launch the game we will make a
little bit the check up like that I say in
theory i will put the rate of the cub ie8
so that's going to make them change and everything
and then that's all it will do
today I give you an appointment tomorrow
Wednesday I say your rights should
be ready for this weekend without any problem
I was click add 1